Updating data viz topics (#405)
IgniteUI/indigo-design-docfx: en/components/radial-gauge.md

## Radial Gauge Demo

> <img class="responsive-img" src="../images/radial_gauge_three_ranges-example.png" srcset="../images/radial_gauge_three_ranges-example@2x.png 2x" />

Reviewer: Nice but the UI Kit does not let you add a legend on the radial gauge

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/radial_gauge_two_ranges.png" srcset="../images/radial_gauge_two_ranges@2x.png 2x" />
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/radial_gauge_three_ranges.png" srcset="../images/radial_gauge_three_ranges@2x.png 2x" />
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/radial_gauge_four_ranges.png" srcset="../images/radial_gauge_four_ranges@2x.png 2x" />

## Styling

The Radial Gauge comes with styling flexibility through the various overrides controlling the background color and a selection of brushes including Needle Brush, a collection of Range Brushes, as well as Tick Brush and Minor Tick Brush that are available only for inside and outside dial types.

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/radial_gauge_styling.png" srcset="../images/radial_gauge_styling@2x.png 2x" />

## Usage

When creating data visualizations and information dashboards pick carefully between Linear and Radial Gauges based on the amount of screen space you have at hand. Keep in mind that Gauges only show the current value and have no way to display historical values, if your application scenario requires such display, you should consider using the Line or Column chart.

> To create an easy to the eye and crisp data visualization pick colors for the Needle that have good contrast with the ranges and background underneath, avoid using variants of the same color as this makes the visualization hard to read and interpret. Unlike the [Linear Gauge](linear-gauge.md), the Radial Gauge Component has enough empty space around and you may layout a collection of Radial Gauges next to one another without sacrificing comprehension of the information that they display.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To create an easy on the eye and crisp data visualization pick colors for the Needle that have good contrast with the ranges and background underneath, avoid using variants of the same color as this makes the visualization hard to read and interpret. Unlike the [Linear Gauge](linear-gauge.md), the Radial Gauge Component has enough empty space around and you may layout a collection of Radial Gauges next to one another without sacrificing comprehension of the information that they display.
```

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/radial_gauge_quarter-thin.png" srcset="../images/radial_gauge_quarter-thin@2x.png 2x" />

## Ticks Type

The ticks of the Radial Gauge can be placed **outside** or inside, with two inside variants for thick and thin range areas.

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/radial_gauge_inside.png" srcset="../images/radial_gauge_inside@2x.png 2x" />
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/radial_gauge_outside.png" srcset="../images/radial_gauge_outside@2x.png 2x" />
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/radial_gauge_inside-2.png" srcset="../images/radial_gauge_inside-2@2x.png 2x" />

## Ranges Amount

The Radial Gauge comes with three preset range configurations: **two**, three, and four ranges.

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/radial_gauge_two_ranges.png" srcset="../images/radial_gauge_two_ranges@2x.png 2x" />
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/radial_gauge_three_ranges.png" srcset="../images/radial_gauge_three_ranges@2x.png 2x" />
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/radial_gauge_four_ranges.png" srcset="../images/radial_gauge_four_ranges@2x.png 2x" />

## Styling

> The Radial Gauge comes with styling flexibility through the various overrides controlling the background color and a range of brushes including: Needle Brush and a collection of Range Brushes, as well as Tick Brush and Minor Tick Brush that are available only for inside and outside dial types. For the Range brushes it is recommended to choose one of the data viz Series palette colors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Radial Gauge comes with styling flexibility through the various overrides controlling the background color and a selection of brushes including Needle Brush, a collection of Range Brushes, as well as Tick Brush and Minor Tick Brush that are available only for inside and outside dial types.
```

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/radial_gauge_styling.png" srcset="../images/radial_gauge_styling@2x.png 2x" />

## Usage

When creating data visualizations and information dashboards pick carefully between Linear and Radial Gauges based on the amount of screen space you have at hand. Keep in mind that Gauges only show the current value and have no way to display historical values, if your application scenario requires such display, you should consider using the Line or Column chart.

> To create an easy to the eye and crisp data visualization pick colors for the Needle that have good contrast with the ranges and background underneath, avoid using variants of the same color as this makes the visualization hard to read and interpret. Unlike the [Linear Gauge](linear-gauge.md), the Radial Gauge Component has enough empty space around and you should can laying out a collection of Radial Gauges next to one another without sacrificing comprehension of the information that they display.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create an easy to the eye and crisp data visualization pick colors for the Needle that have good contrast with the ranges and background underneath, avoid using variants of the same color as this makes the visualization hard to read and interpret. Unlike the [Linear Gauge](linear-gauge.md), the Radial Gauge Component has enough empty space around and you may layout a collection of Radial Gauges next to one another without sacrificing comprehension of the information that they display.
```

| Do                                                                                 | Don't                                                                                  |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| <img class="responsive-img" src="../images/radial_gauge_do.png" srcset="../images/radial_gauge_do@2x.png 2x" /> | <img class="responsive-img" src="../images/radial_gauge_dont.png" srcset="../images/radial_gauge_dont@2x.png 2x" /> |

## Additional Resources

Related topics:

- [Bullet Graph](bullet-graph.md)
- [Line Chart](line-chart.md)
- [Column Chart](column-chart.md)
- [Linear Gauge](linear-gauge.md)

>   <div class="divider--half"></div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Dial Type

> The Radial Gauge provides various overrides that control the dial, on which ranges appear: **full**, half, quarter with thick and thin overrides.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Radial Gauge provides various overrides that control the dial, on which ranges appear: **full**, half, and quarter.
```

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/radial_gauge_three_ranges.png" srcset="../images/radial_gauge_three_ranges@2x.png 2x" />
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/radial_gauge_half.png" srcset="../images/radial_gauge_half@2x.png 2x" />
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/radial_gauge_quarter.png" srcset="../images/radial_gauge_quarter@2x.png 2x" />
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/radial_gauge_full-thin.png" srcset="../images/radial_gauge_full-thin@2x.png 2x" />
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/radial_gauge_half-thin.png" srcset="../images/radial_gauge_half-thin@2x.png 2x" />
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/radial_gauge_quarter-thin.png" srcset="../images/radial_gauge_quarter-thin@2x.png 2x" />

> 

Reviewer: Add a section for range thickness with an explanation of the two variants. Add the necessary images.

> ## Ticks Type

Reviewer: Move this section above Dial Type

Reviewer: this is still left to be updated

> The ticks of the Radial Gauge can be placed inside, outside and on it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ticks of the Radial Gauge can be placed **outside** or inside, with two inside variants for thick and thin range areas.
```

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/radial_gauge_inside.png" srcset="../images/radial_gauge_inside@2x.png 2x" />
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/radial_gauge_outside.png" srcset="../images/radial_gauge_outside@2x.png 2x" />
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/radial_gauge_inside-2.png" srcset="../images/radial_gauge_inside-2@2x.png 2x" />

## Ranges Amount

> 

Reviewer: Below two should be bold because it is the default.

> 

Reviewer: The images above can be replaced with a single one showing just the needles to save some space

> ## Dial Type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Ranges
```

Reviewer: this is how the override has been called in the UI Kit

> The Radial Gauge provides various overrides that control the dial, on which ranges appear: **full**, half, and quarter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Radial Gauge provides various overrides that control the ranges on the dial: **full**, half, and quarter.
```

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/radial_gauge_three_ranges.png" srcset="../images/radial_gauge_three_ranges@2x.png 2x" />
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/radial_gauge_half.png" srcset="../images/radial_gauge_half@2x.png 2x" />
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/radial_gauge_quarter.png" srcset="../images/radial_gauge_quarter@2x.png 2x" />

## Series Thickness

> The Radial Gauge comes with two kinds of Series Thickness - Thick and Thin. Depending on the example that is needed you can switch between one or the other. Here are the examples for the Thin series.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Radial Gauge comes with two kinds of Series Thickness: **Thick** and Thin.
```

> <img class="responsive-img" src="../images/radial_gauge_full-thin.png" srcset="../images/radial_gauge_full-thin@2x.png 2x" />
> <img class="responsive-img" src="../images/radial_gauge_half-thin.png" srcset="../images/radial_gauge_half-thin@2x.png 2x" />
> <img class="responsive-img" src="../images/radial_gauge_quarter-thin.png" srcset="../images/radial_gauge_quarter-thin@2x.png 2x" />
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/radial_gauge_three_ranges.png" srcset="../images/radial_gauge_three_ranges@2x.png 2x" />
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/radial_gauge_full-thin.png" srcset="../images/radial_gauge_full-thin@2x.png 2x" />

```

> 

Reviewer: In styling add customization of the current value label and tick labels via the available text styles. And add a sentence that for the range brushes it is recommended to choose one of the data viz palette colors.

To create an easy to the eye and crisp data visualization pick colors for the Needle that have good contrast with the ranges and background underneath, avoid using variants of the same color as this makes the visualization hard to read and interpret. Unlike the [Linear Gauge](linear-gauge.md), the Radial Gauge Component has enough empty space around and you should can laying out a collection of Radial Gauges next to one another without sacrificing comprehension of the information that they display.

| Do                                                                                       | Don't                                                                                        |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | <img class="responsive-img" src="../images/radial_gauge_do.png" srcset="../images/radial_gauge_do@2x.png 2x" /> | <img class="responsive-img" src="../images/radial_gauge_dont.png" srcset="../images/radial_gauge_dont@2x.png 2x" /> |

Reviewer: Use the do/don't template we have in other topics

## Additional Resources

> Related topics:

Reviewer: Replace category chart with references to column and line chart and remove data-binding from the related topics.
